Enable cast from array of text to array of object (#16901)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.7.5.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an issue that prevented to cast an array of :ref:`TEXT<type-text>` to
>   an array of :ref:`OBJECT<type-object>` when applicable with json data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented to cast an array of :ref:`TEXT <type-text>` 
   containing JSON text representation values to an array of :ref:`OBJECT <type-object>`.
```

Author: 👍
